I'm literally stuck in a bathroom yo uh
pv or private parts push e on the door
that's always helpful wow you only go
that is very helpful
your maid
is this oh my god someone pooped in the
I'm jumping right now who's with someone
come to the Creator lap right here
computer lab let's go there like I'm
here laughs to do i right holy crap what
is that shit stain oh my god come here
guys come here come here look look at
this right here right here in the four
like this born oh oh my gosh there's
more close to that oh my gosh doesn't
mean to make a fight you just took a
nice cleave on the floor dude yeah yeah
totally little bit oh good you see this
error code yeah oh I see him is ready
for the door for the door oh girl stuck
by this fuckin chair mmm i want where'd
he go ok ok good good alright so i'm in
the game now yeah he's boning next on
its weight oh um please it's supposed to
be open honest and I'm lettuce what do
you think you are a vegetable who
everything it's always just opened the
does this open ha dude I think he owes
the study was the wind it was the wind
it was it was it the wind yeah dude you
see now the question is did he run
inside or did he run outside yeah he's
none of those Ronan if you can pick up
the other then it's not them I'll get
through that door but inside what Floyd
you still on the second middle floor
he's when you went through here and a
bunch of error messages she could use
this is the best one well there is he
just you just rode past you guys
oh I'm not loading right yeah did he go
did he go downstairs or did he stay up
here I want to go to the bathroom yeah
camping the doors and can help brick no
like for real see you he's right there
is right there go upstairs I gotta tell
ya did you see where you went like this
good I'm gonna push this up wait for
basement yeah you you can't precisely
he's gotta stairs now Oh God something
moved that trash can the other rocket
launcher I know I know where are you you
little fuck oh you went outside yeah
yeah I did by Ronen oh my god what I
think you only got one goal along with
this trashcan huh it's light in here
fucking with the skiff nope this is
classified hey hey get back here go down
down oh did I know what is right we're
gonna try it works hey hey you o Savior
little jungly bang yeah I'm a yeah boy
yeah I so let's close it or you're going
religious tip look we're all planning
I'm about to break a hip Bogota then I
kind of got a hit from they don't
understand I heard a splash English
splash I was taking a bath no no no no
head under all old man in the world I'm
stuck what text me guys miss me hey
goodbye Oh Steve cook you killed to a
shooting that I killed myself never had
a blow job under water he in the wild
we're watching the slug in the game a
bro they communicating in the net but
then she went the fuck is happening odd
are you telling she's not she's not I
chaired bully anymore that's I know
business friend because slowly amazing
she went like this bro you guys are you
guys Neely's riyadh it was like this
usually misery each other yeah and then
she went turn around turn around she
went behind I'm just in tears oh oh oh
not surprised she was so you guys please
what is happening right now you're
communicating the guy dead on listen
we're talking about the this is the
basement she said the middle right all
right oh say they don't say anything
well I laid off play it off play it off
Steve's all my little normal it doesn't
even look that bad yeah it looks normal
actually it looks slow it looks normal
yo come on come on he's runnin come on
please please
hahaha oh my please Ron young on you
then okay I killed can you not see the
floating stove yo that tell you about
time I was stuck there are you okay I'd
as well yeah when I you know what he was
one prison I like to get in bed laurel
dr France that's all I've got Frollo a
mess of shit oh my god you're kidding
you don't talk like that oh my god bro
the community on PlayStation s roll call
for weight limit smells oppose me was
when you make me worry about you this is
why I think about you shocked